README.md, before:

# OpenSSF WG: Identifying Security Threats in Open Source Projects

Anyone is welcome to join our open discussions related to the group's mission and charter.

## Objective

Our objective is to enable stakeholders to have informed confidence in the security of open source projects. At the macro level, this includes identifying threats to the open source ecosystem and recommending practical mitigations. At the micro level, we will identify a set of key metrics and build tooling (API, web UI) to communicate those metrics to stakeholders, enabling those stakeholders to better understand the security posture of individual open source components

## Vision

Our vision is to improve the perception of security in open source software.

# Governance

The [CHARTER.md](CHARTER.md) outlines the scope and governance of our group activities.

## Communications

* [Meeting Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uXQI1vI5_HyOvxHMexrnTY_ruBrynbPl5yOd1UM4g3A/edit#heading=h.yworp6sxzb6g)
* TODO email list, github discussion

## Meeting times

<link to calendar>

Commit message:

Import content from OSSC repository.

README.md, after:

# OpenSSF Working Group: Identifying Security Threats in Open Source Projects

Anyone is welcome to join our open discussions related to the group's mission and charter.

## Objective

Our objective is to enable stakeholders to have informed confidence in the security of open source projects. At the macro level, this includes identifying threats to the open source ecosystem and recommending practical mitigations. At the micro level, we will identify a set of key metrics and build tooling (API, web UI) to communicate those metrics to stakeholders, enabling those stakeholders to better understand the security posture of individual open source components

## Vision

Our vision is to improve the perception of security in open source software.

## Governance

The [CHARTER.md](CHARTER.md) outlines the scope and governance of our group activities.

## Communications

* [Meeting Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uXQI1vI5_HyOvxHMexrnTY_ruBrynbPl5yOd1UM4g3A/edit#heading=h.yworp6sxzb6g)
* TODO email list, github discussion

## Meeting times

This working group meets every other week, on Mondays, from 9:00-10:00 AM (PT), via Zoom. If you
would like to participate, please (TBD).
